Emmet--> vs code has this which helps in generating code for user.

A content delivery network (CDN) is a network of interconnected servers that speeds up webpage loading for data-heavy applications.
What is crossorigin in React CDN?
In ReactJS, Cross-Origin Resource Sharing or CORS requests refers to the method that allows you to make requests to the server deployed at a different domain.
Why do we write crossorigin in React?
Why? Because when your React app tries to fetch data from your API, it's making a cross-origin request. And unless your backend server is set up to accept requests from your React app's origin, the browser will block these requests due to the Same Origin Policy.

In React , Order of files must be used in order. as hirerarchy needs to be followed since present file needs some that will be present in previous file.

React.createElement(element u want to create, {here attributes for this element is written}, if it is one element "the text to keep inside element is present" if there are morethan one statements then keep them in array [,,,])
render()--> is a method used to convert the object created by createElement() into an element of html
        --> Also render replaces if anything already present inside that particular element of html which we chooses to run as root


What is Emmet?
● Difference between a Library and Framework?
● What is CDN? Why do we use it?
● Why is React known as React?
● What is crossorigin in script tag?
● What is diference between React and ReactDOM
● What is difference between react.development.js and react.production.js files via CDN?
● What is async and defer?



Git Update:


or create a new repository on the command line
echo "# Namaste-React" >> README.md
git init
git add README.md
git commit -m "first commit"
git branch -M main
git remote add origin https://github.com/Geethanjali-2799/Namaste-React.git
git push -u origin main
…or push an existing repository from the command line
git remote add origin https://github.com/Geethanjali-2799/Namaste-React.git
git branch -M main
git push -u origin main